Support from viewers like you
makes this program possible.
Please give to your PBS station.
♪ ♪
WAAD (speaking Arabic):
(Sama babbling)
WAAD:
Sama, Mama.
Mama.
(singing in Arabic)
Mama, Sama.
(explosion booms in distance)
Sama.
(Sama babbling and giggling)
MAN (speaking Arabic):
WAAD:
(explosion booms in distance,
Sama babbling)
WAAD:
MAN:
(people talking in background)
WAAD AND MAN:
(door closes and locks)
(explosion booms in distance)
WAAD:
(explosion roars nearby,
debris clattering)
(people talking indistinctly)
(footsteps tapping quickly,
people coughing)
WAAD:
MAN:
(gunshot pops in distance)
(baby crying)
(men speaking Arabic)
(explosion roars)
(man calling)
MAN:
WAAD:
(machines beeping)
(explosions banging)
WAAD:
(baby crying)
WAAD AND MAN:
WAAD:
NURSE:
MAN:
WOMAN:
WAAD:
WOMAN AND WAAD:
(Sama babbling)
(Waad laughs)
MAN:
(making bubbling sounds)
(Sama laughing)
Sama.
WAAD:
♪ ♪
(explosions booming in distance)
(baby crying, people shouting)
WAAD:
(crying)
(man shouting)
(aircraft roaring in distance)
WAAD:
(numerous explosions booming)
(explosions becoming louder)
(explosions stop)
STUDENT:
WAAD:
(crowd cheering)
(singing and chanting):
(cheering continues)
♪ ♪
WAAD:
CROWD:
MAN AND WOMAN:
MAN:
SOLDIER:
WOMAN:
MAN:
MAN 2:
WOMAN:
WAAD:
(explosion pops in distance)
HAMZA:
(Waad responds)
HAMZA (chuckling):
WAAD:
HAMZA:
(car horn blaring)
(all laughing)
WAAD:
(testing mic)
MAN (on loudspeaker):
WOMAN:
MAN:
(people talking in background)
♪ ♪
(shouting)
(people talking in background)
(people calling)
WAAD:
HAMZA:
(man shouting in bullhorn)
(car horn honks in distance)
WAAD:
(crowd singing):
(gunfire and explosions
echoing in distance)
(explosions booming in distance)
(explosion roars)
(people shouting)
WAAD:
(people talking and calling
in background)
(siren wailing)
(people shouting and calling)
WAAD:
HAMZA:
MAN:
WAAD:
(speaking Arabic)
GAITH:
OMAR:
(people shouting)
WAAD:
(explosion bangs nearby)
MAN:
(speaking all at once)
WAAD:
(talking in background)
♪ ♪
(sniffs)
WAAD:
(siren approaching,
people talking in background)
(doctors and nurses talking)
WAAD:
(explosions booming in distance)
(people singing)
(women ululating)
(confetti cannon pops,
people cheering)
WAAD:
(dance music playing)
(people singing and clapping
along)
MAN:
("Crazy" by Willie Nelson
playing on speakers)
MAN:
HAMZA:
WAAD:
♪ Crazy ♪
♪ I'm crazy for feeling
so lonely... ♪
WAAD:
("Crazy" continues)
(people conversing)
(song fades and ends)
♪ ♪
WAAD:
Sama?
(Waad smacks lips)
(boom echoes faintly)
(speaking playfully in Arabic)
No?
(laughs)
(Sama fusses, Waad imitates)
(Sama sneezes)
(droning in distance)
(Sama babbling)
(Sama fussing)
SAMA:
Mama.
WAAD:
(Sama babbles, Waad imitates)
(explosion erupts nearby)
(Sama gurgling)
WAAD:
MAN (on speaker):
(shouting in distance,
siren approaching)
(siren grows louder)
(talking in background)
(medical staff talking softly,
machine beeps)
(boy crying softly)
MAN:
MAN AND BOY:
WAAD:
BOY:
WOMAN:
(people talking in background)
MAN:
WOMAN:
♪ ♪
(boys crying)
(kissing)
(kisses, crying)
WOMAN:
WAAD:
MAN AND WOMAN:
MAN:
WOMAN:
MAN AND WOMAN:
WAAD:
(people talking in background)
♪ ♪
(Sama coughs)
(babbling)
WAAD:
(chanting):
(cheering, fireworks exploding)
WAAD:
(singing)
♪ ♪
HAMZA:
(Waad responds)
WAAD:
(whispering):
MAN:
WAAD:
♪ ♪
(talking in background)
Surprise!
(song playing on phone)
WAAD:
WAAD: Hmm? Hmm?
HAMZA:
(Waad laughs)
WAAD:
(squeals and laughs)
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
(Waad gasps)
(laughs)
DOCTOR:
HAMZA:
Mmm.
WAAD:
DOCTOR:
(Waad laughs)
(mouthing):
WAAD:
(people talking in distance)
(explosion bangs)
(people shouting)
(automatic gunfire echoing)
(explosion bangs)
(people calling):
WAAD:
MAN:
(explosions roaring)
(jet roaring)
(explosion booms)
(Waad coughs)
(coughing)
WAAD:
HAMZA:
(man shouts)
WAAD:
HAMZA:
(rain pattering)
(thunder rumbles)
(sighs)
WOMAN:
(people talking in background)
WAAD:
(Naya talking playfully)
SALEM:
ZAIN:
(family talking in background)
(Waad clears throat)
WAAD:
(responds in Arabic)
WISAM:
WAAD:
(explosion booms)
(gunfire rattles)
(Wisam weeps)
WAAD:
OH-MODHER:
(gunfire, explosions continue)
(tearfully):
WAAD:
AFRAA:
WISAM:
WAAD:
NAYA:
(laughing)
(phone buzzing)
WAAD:
Allo?
WOMAN (on phone):
WAAD:
Mmm.
(laughing)
WAAD:
♪ ♪
(Sama crying)
(all chanting)
(cheering)
(talking in background)
MAN:
WAAD:
(Sama and Waad crying)
HAMZA:
(Sama crying)
WAAD:
(laughing)
♪ ♪
(Sama babbling)
WAAD:
(people talking softly)
Huh?
WAAD:
(woman murmurs questioningly)
(man chanting over P.A.)
(people conversing,
car horn honks)
MAN:
MAN 2:
♪ ♪
(boy shouting)
(children shouting,
shrieking happily)
WAAD:
(child shouting playfully)
♪ ♪
CHILD:
WAAD:
WOMAN:
(making engine noises)
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep...
CHILD:
WISAM:
WAAD:
TEACHER AND STUDENTS:
♪ Hello, stand up, sit down. ♪
WAAD:
AFRAA:
(children calling and talking)
WAAD:
(helicopter rotors whirring)
(siren wailing)
(people shouting in distance)
MAN (calling):
(people shouting)
WOMAN:
MAN:
(explosion booms)
(talking in background)
WAAD:
(machine beeping)
(machine beeping,
respirator hissing)
MEDICAL WORKER:
WAAD:
MEDICAL WORKER 2:
HAMZA:
(medical workers talking softly)
(slapping)
(rubbing)
(baby cries)
MAN:
(medical workers talking)
(baby crying)
WOMAN:
♪ ♪
WAAD:
(man speaking on radio)
7th February 2016.
My first baby, Sama.
Her name is meaning the sky.
Sky we love, sky we want.
Without air forces.
Without bombing.
Sky with sun, with clouds.
With the birds.
Sama?
Do you hearing me?
(clicking tongue)
Sama?
(laughs)
She's laughing.
Sama!
(rumbling in distance,
Waad speaking English)
(in Arabic):
(man shouting on radio)
WAAD:
(man praying)
(explosions roar)
(jets roaring)
(automatic gunfire rattling
in distance)
♪ ♪
(people talking, muffled)
(explosion bangs, muffled)
♪ ♪
MAN:
HAMZA:
MAN 2:
WAAD:
(no audio)
♪ ♪
(people talking in background)
WAAD:
♪ ♪
(explosions roaring)
HAMZA:
WAAD:
MAN (on radio):
MAN:
MAN 2:
MAN 3:
WAAD:
(guns firing in distance)
MAN:
WAAD:
HAMZA:
MAN:
WAAD:
MAN AND HAMZA:
HAMZA:
(Sama crying)
WAAD:
MAN:
(explosion booms, Sama crying)
HAMZA:
WAAD:
(Sama crying loudly)
HAMZA AND WAAD:
(Hamza and Waad singing):
(others join in):
WAAD:
MAN:
(laughing)
WAAD:
MAN:
WOMAN:
(laughing)
♪ ♪
WAAD:
(chanting)
WAAD AND OTHERS:
WAAD:
(Naya crying)
NAYA:
SALEM:
(imitating rocket firing
and explosion)
WAAD:
AFRAA:
(Afraa groans)
WAAD:
WISAM:
(Naya murmuring)
WAAD:
AFRAA:
SALEM:
(Afraa cheering, chuckles)
AFRAA:
Thank you!
SALEM AND AFRAA:
(Naya talking)
♪ ♪
WAAD:
(heartbeat pulsing)
(people calling)
WAAD:
(people shouting, crying)
MAN 1:
MAN 2:
MAN 3:
♪ ♪
(people shouting)
WAAD:
(people talking and calling)
(people shouting)
(woman wailing)
(shouting):
MAN:
WOMAN:
(woman shouting, child crying)
MAN:
WOMAN:
(woman continues shouting)
WAAD:
(Sama babbling)
Yeah, goodbye.
Bye, Sama.
Sama, bye!
(in Arabic):
(calling softly)
(man speaking on radio)
(kissing)
(Sama babbling)
(Waad speaks softly)
(laughs)
SAMA:
Mama!
(Sama breathing audibly)
(Waad exclaims)
(man speaking on radio)
(explosions boom in distance)
(explosions rumbling)
WAAD:
(guns firing sporadically)
♪ ♪
(explosion bangs nearby)
(explosion bangs in distance)
(guns firing sporadically)
(gunfire continues)
(children crying)
GIRL:
WAAD:
(people talking in background)
MAN:
WOMAN:
(wailing)
♪ ♪
WAAD:
(explosion roars)
(people conversing)
(talking in background)
WAAD:
♪ ♪
WOMAN:
WAAD:
MAN:
♪ ♪
(Waad speaking Arabic)
MAN:
WAAD:
(people conversing)
MAN:
(laughing)
WAAD:
MAN:
MAN 1 AND MAN 2:
WAAD AND MAN 1:
(people talking in background)
(explosion roars)
(Sama babbling excitedly)
WAAD:
(explosion roars)
♪ ♪
(children coughing)
(children crying)
WAAD:
MAN (on phone): A message
from the people of Aleppo
to the world...
WAAD:
HAMZA:
WOMAN (on phone):
♪ ♪
WAAD:
(child laughing)
(imitates missile)
AFRAA:
SALEM:
(laughing)
WAAD:
(Salem singing,
others humming along)
(child cries)
(singing continues)
(all chuckling)
(jets roaring)
(explosion roars)
(glass shatters,
woman screaming)
(screaming)
(rumbling distorted
through microphone)
(woman continues screaming)
WAAD:
(people talking in background,
distorted)
(baby squawking)
(baby crying in distance)
(audio fades to silence)
HAMZA (on phone):
U.N. WORKER (on phone):
HAMZA:
U.N. WORKER:
WAAD:
HAMZA:
(explosion bangs in distance)
WAAD:
(car horn honks)
HAMZA:
WAAD:
(weeping)
NAYA:
♪ ♪
(engine puttering)
(horns honking,
people talking in background)
WAAD:
♪ ♪
Bye!
(Waad responds in Arabic)
(men shouting, siren blaring)
(car horns honking)
♪ ♪
WAAD:
(gunfire rattling in distance)
(people conversing)
(gunfire continuing)
(siren blaring, horns honking)
WOMAN:
(children talking)
WAAD:
(engine humming)
(man shouting)
WAAD:
(man groaning)
(heartbeat pulsing)
HAMZA:
(sniffs)
WAAD: Here,
it's my lovely house,
where I lived.
I can't believe
that I couldn't come again.
(crying)
No word, no words can describe
what I'm feeling now.
We don't want to force to flee
out of our city.
I got this plants.
It will grow out of Aleppo.
(gate slam echoes)
WAAD:
(engine idling,
people conversing)
It's 9:00 a.m.
It's snowing.
We are still waiting
for evacuation.
(child crying)
AFRAA:
WOMAN:
(continues crying)
WAAD:
(car horn honking)
(Sama babbling)
♪ ♪
WAAD:
(Sama fussing)
WAAD: The next checkpoint
is the most dangerous.
(Sama exclaims)
There's the checkpoint
of the regime.
(no audio)
WAAD:
Hamza?
(Sama cooing)
♪ ♪
MEN:
(Waad exclaims questioningly)
(horn honks)
HAMZA:
♪ ♪
(baby crying)
(gasps tearfully)
♪ ♪
(blowing)
(conversing playfully)
(children playing)
WAAD:
♪ ♪
(Hamza babbling, Sama laughing)
WAAD:
♪ ♪